fix(socket sink): Allow socket sink to accept metrics. (#20930)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/20930_socket_sink_accepts_metrics.fix.md

> Socket sink can now accept metric events (when using `native_json` codec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Socket sink can now accept metric events when using codecs that support decoding metrics.
```

I think the full list is actually `native_json`, `native`, and, recently added, `influxdb`. I'd just leave that off though.

Reviewer 2: wouldn't it be "when using codecs that supports *encoding* metrics" instead?

Author: Thanks. Applied your suggestion @jorgehermo9

Reviewer: Doh, yes, _encoding_. Thanks for the catch @jorgehermo9
